 
 
 
 


[Image OCR: ? Tesseract at UB Mannheim

The Mannheim University Library (UB Mannheim) uses Tesseract to perform text recognition (OCR = optical character
recognition) for historical German newspapers (Allgemeine PreuBische Staatszeitung, Deutscher Reichsanzeiger). The latest
results with text from more than 700000 pages are available online.

Tesseract installer for Windows

Normally we run Tesseract on Debian GNU Linux, but there was also the need for a Windows version. That's why we have built
a Tesseract installer for Windows.

WARNING: Tesseract should be either installed in the directory which is suggested during the installation or in a new
directory. The uninstaller removes the whole installation directory. If you installed Tesseract in an existing directory, that
directory will be removed with all its subdirectories and files.

The latest installers can be downloaded here:

© tesseract-ocr-w64-setup-5.4.0.20240606.exe (64 bit)

There are also older versions for 32 and 64 bit Windows available.

In addition, we also provide documentation which was generated by Doxygen.
]

[Image OCR: SUBJECT IN FOCUS: Origin of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2
(SARS-CoV-2), the virus causing COVID-19

The first human cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus causing COVID-19, subsequently
named SARS-CoV-2 were first reported by officials in Wuhan City, China, in December 2019. Retrospective
investigations by Chinese authorities have identified human cases with onset of symptoms in early December 2019.
While some of the earliest known cases had a link to a wholesale food market in Wuhan, some did not. Many of the
initial patients were either stall owners, market employees, or regular visitors to this market. Environmental samples
taken from this market in December 2019 tested positive for SARS-CoV-2, further suggesting that the market in
‘Wuhan City was the source of this outbreak or played a role in the initial amplification of the outbreak. The market
was closed on 1 January 2020.

‘SARS-CoV-2 was identified in early January and its genetic sequence shared publicly on 11-12 January. The full
genetic sequence of SARS-CoV-2 from the early human cases and the sequences of many other virus isolated from
human cases from China and all over the world since then show that SARS-CoV-2 has an ecological origin in bat
populations. All available evidence to date suggests that the
manipulated or constructed virus. Many researchers have been able to look at the genomic features of SARS-CoV-2
and have found that evidence does not support that SARS-CoV-2 is a laboratory construct. If it were a constructed
virus, its genomic sequence would show a mix of known elements. This is not the case.

's has a natural animal origin and is not a
]

 


[Image OCR: ee

eR

1. INTRODUCTION

‘As one of the most interesting research areas in particle
physics, the experimental and theoretical investigations about
the heavy flavor hadrons have been developing rapidly. This
is due to their key roles in both understanding of QCD long-
distance dynamics, and the determination of the fundamental
parameters ofthe standard model (SM). Especially, the decay
behavior of heavy flavor hadrons is an important and interest-
ing research topic for testing the SM and finding new physics
beyond the SM. These decay processes can be classified into
leptonic, semileptonic and nonleptonic decays which involve
both electroweak and strong interactions. However, theoret-
ical investigations about the heavy hadrons is very difficult
because the QCD is non-perturbative in low energy regions.
‘Therefore, many phenomenological approaches{ 1-34] have
been employed to analyze the decay processes of the heavy
flavor hadrons.

‘The QCD sum rules (QCDSR) is one of the most power-
ful non-perturbative approach, and has been widely used to
analyze the mass spectra and the decay behavior of hadrons,
[35-50]. In recent years, some tasks were carried out by three-
point QCDSR, such as the analysis of electroweak and elec-
‘tromagnetic form factors 12, 51-57], and the strong coupling
constants [58-68]. These parameters are very important to
analyze the decay process of hadrons. In our previous work,
the B: + B, electromagnetic form factor were studied by
three-point QCDSR, and the corresponding radiative decay
BE = Bey was calculated[69]. In Ref{70], we analyzed the
‘momentum dependent strong coupling constant Gp, (0°).
‘According vector meson dominant(VMD), the electromag-
netic coupling constant Gpzn,y was also obtained by setting.
Q@ = 0. And the radiative decay width for D? > D,y

heavy-light mesons. Based on these results, the decay widths
about vector heavy-light mesons to pseudoscalar heavy-light
‘mesons plus a photon are obtained. Although some radiative
decays, suchas D* + D*y, D'® > Dy and D; — D.y were
already analyzed by other research groups[21-24, 51]. How-
ever, these results were obtained by different methods and not
consistent well with each other, which needs further confirma-
tion by other theoretical methods.

‘The experimental data for the radiative decay of the vector
meson Din Particle Data Group(PDG){71] is Preni(D™*) =
8344 1.8 keV, and SPP. 1.6 4 04%. The de-
cay widths for D® and Dy are given as Prom(D®) < 2.1

MeV, SOP = 35.3 + 0.9%, and Prai(D3) < 1.9 MeV,

HBi=Bat'S (03,5 + 0.1)%, respectively. However, more exact
valies about these decays have not been determined yet. For
the mesons B’* and B%, the radiative decays as their main
decay channels have not been determined in experiment. In
general, more exact experimental results and theoretical pre-
dictions need to be provided, which can help us to understand
the nature of the mesons and test the theoretical models.

“The layout of this paper is as follows, After introduction in
Sec. I, the radiative decays of the vector heavy-light mesons
are analyzed inthe framework of SM in Sec. I, and the elec-
tromagnetic form factor is introduced. In Sec. II, we sys-
tematically analyze the electromagnetic form factors of vec-
tor heavy-light meson to pseudoscalar heavy-light meson by
the three-point QCDSR, where the contributions of perturba-
tive part and vacuum condensate including (Gq), @g.Gq),
(eG), (FG) and (q)(e2G?) are considered in QCD side.
Sec. IV is employed to present the numerical results and dis-
cussions. Sec. Vis reserved as conclusions. Some important
figures are shown in Appendix.

]

